Changes to migration guide (#684)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/migrate/migrate-guide.rst

Migration guide
===========================================

.. _why-migrate:

Why use Qiskit Runtime?
--------------------------------------------

.. figure:: ../images/table.png
   :alt: table comparing backend.run to Qiskit Runtime primitives

**Benefits of using Qiskit Runtime**:

* Use Qiskit Runtime Primitives to simplify algorithm design and optimization. 
* Run circuits faster using sessions - a context manager designed to efficiently manage iterative workloads and minimize artificial latency between quantum and classical sub-components.
* Access our most powerful quantum systems with our latest performance and hardware optimization, including capabilities like error suppression and mitigation.
* Easily integrate Qiskit Runtime with your cloud or on-premise classical compute resources using the quantum serverless toolkit.

**Simplified interface**:

Use primitive programs to write code more efficiently.  For details, see the examples topics, such as `Using Estimator to design an algorithm <migrate-estimator>`__.

  .. figure:: ../images/compare-code.png
   :scale: 50 %
   :alt: Two code snippets, side by side
   :target: migrate-prim-based

>    Code without primitives, and the same code after being rewritten to use primitives.

Author: I'll resolve this conversation and just add it as a comment in the file so we can track it.

Migration guide
===========================================

.. _mig_ex:

Code migration examples
--------------------------------------------

> The following sections have more information We have identified key patterns of behavior and use cases with code examples to help you migrate code to Qiskit Runtime.  
> 
> .. note::
> 
>    The key to writing an equivalent algorithm using Qiskit Runtime primitives is to remove all dependencies on ``QuantumInstance`` and ``Backend`` and replace them with the implementation of the Estimator, Sampler, or both primitives from the ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library. 
> 
> We use  `backend.run()` in the examples, but anywhere backends are used, `backend.run()` could be replaced by `QuantumInstance` and the updated code would look the same.
> 
> Notably, for common scenarios it is not necessary to handle backends
> differently nor to construct expressions for expectation values
> manually.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections have more information We have identified key patterns of behavior and use cases with code
examples to help you migrate code to use the Qiskit Runtime Primitives.

The Qiskit Runtime Primitives implement the reference ``Sampler`` and ``Estimator`` interface found in
`qiskit.primitives <https://qiskit.org/documentation/apidoc/primitives.html>`_ . This interface allows to
switch between primitive implementations with minimal code changes. Different primitive implementations
can be found in the ``qiskit``, ``qiskit_aer``, and ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library.

Each implementation serves a specific purpose. The primitives in ``qiskit`` can perform local statevector
simulations, useful for quick prototyping of algorithms. The primitives in ``qiskit_aer`` give access to the local
Aer simulators, for tasks such as noisy simulation. And the primitives in ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` provide access
to the Qiskit Runtime service, as well as features such as built-in circuit optimization and error mitigation support.

.. attention::

    The **only primitives that provide access to the Qiskit Runtime service** are those imported
    from ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` (*Qiskit Runtime Primitives*).

The key to write an equivalent algorithm using primitives is to identify what is the minimal unit of information
your algorithm is based on:

* If it's an **expectation value** - you will need an ``Estimator``
* If it's a **probability distribution** (from sampling the device) - you will need a ``Sampler``

Most algorithms can be rewritten to use one of these two units of information. Once you know which primitive to use,
you should identify where in algorithm is the backend accessed (call to ``backend.run()``).
Now, you can replace this call with the respective primitive call, as shown in the examples listed below.

.. note::

   Some qiskit libraries provide their own ``backend.run()`` wrappers, for example: ``QuantumInstance``,
   formerly used in ``qiskit.algorithms``. To migrate code with these dependencies, replace the execution
   method with the corresponding primitive. For more information on migrating code based on the
   ``QuantumInstance`` , check out the Quantum Instance migration guide.
```

switch between primitive implementations with minimal code changes. Different primitive implementations
can be found in the ``qiskit``, ``qiskit_aer``, and ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library. Each implementation serves a specific purpose:

* The primitives in ``qiskit`` can perform local statevector simulations - useful for quickly prototying algorithms. 
* The primitives in ``qiskit_aer`` give access to the local Aer simulators for tasks such as noisy simulation. 
* The primitives in ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` provide access to the Qiskit Runtime service and features such as built-in circuit optimization and error mitigation support.

.. attention::

    The **only primitives that provide access to the Qiskit Runtime service** are those imported
    from ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` (Qiskit Runtime Primitives).

When migrating, the key to writing an equivalent algorithm using primitives is to first identify what is the minimal unit of information your algorithm is based on:

* If it uses an **expectation value**, you will need an ``Estimator``.
* If it uses a **probability distribution** (from sampling the device), you will need a ``Sampler``.

> Most algorithms can be rewritten to use one of these units of information. After determining which primitive to use, identify where the algorithm accesses the backend.  Look for the call to ``backend.run()``. Next, you will replace this call with the respective primitive call, as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer: I was not sure of what was the preferred narrative, but it makes sense to me to give the full range of alternatives, I will add it.

Now, you can replace this call with the respective primitive call, as shown in the examples listed below.

.. note::

   Some qiskit libraries provide their own ``backend.run()`` wrappers, for example: ``QuantumInstance``,
   formerly used in ``qiskit.algorithms``. To migrate code with these dependencies, replace the execution
   method with the corresponding primitive. For more information on migrating code based on the
   ``QuantumInstance`` , check out the Quantum Instance migration guide.
We have examples for two basic situations:

1. Algorithm developers need to refactor algorithms to use primitives instead of backend.run.

   * `Update code that performs circuit sampling <migrate-sampler.html>`__
   * `Update code that calculates expectation values <migrate-estimator.html>`__
   
2. Algorithm users don't use primitives directly, but use Qiskit algorithms.  These users now need to pass in a primitive instead of a backend to the udpdated Qiskit algorithmes.

   * `Work with updated Qiskit algorithms <migrate-qiskit-alg.html>`__

The following topics are use cases with code migration examples:

* `Update parameter values while running <migrate-update-parm.html>`__

> * `End-to-end example <migrate-e2e.html>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Algorithm tuning options (shots, transpilation, error mitigation) <migrate-e2e.html>`__
```
